Eventually, I got to Camaden in charge of a small detachment of about 20 men.
Now we had the most ridiculous duty.
We were to dig holes into the soil in various places all over the county, into these almost
men-high holes where inserted wooden kiosks and a seat.
The idea being that men would be stationed in these holes, connected to each other by telephone, in the case of an invasion.
We did the job. Every morning we set off on a lorry and went to another place all over Camaden shore.
And wondering why, because who on earth, if it were Hitler or one of his commanders, would envisage an invasion of Britain by starting in South Wales?
They would have to come all around South West England, wouldn't they?
Well, the Germans never tried it and we don't know.
I'm often wondering whether they're still in various places all over Camaden shore.